1. What is linter
2. what is provisioner
3. what is dependances in terraform
4. what is modules
5. what is service connection
6. what is splinter
7. what is work item
8. difference between splinter and work item
9. diff1. Give me a example of recently you may upgraded templates in terraform
2. what are the data types are you familiar in terraform
3. after which command state file will command
4. what is stage terraform download module and providers
5. what are backends you familiar with
6. how do you encrypt the state file
7. you are creating variable in terraform and you need to provide it's default value. what argument will you declare provide the default value
8. I have a vm that created through terraform and install the Microsoft office after create vm. and now i run command terraform apply again. what will happen. Microsoft office will remove or will be there
9. what are lifecycle rules in terraform. which are declared within resource block in terraform
10. what is dependances in terraform
11. what are the gates in azure devops
12. is macOS supported as agent pool 
13. in azure what is availability seterence between variable.tf and terraform.tfvars
10. how can we save sensitive data in state file.

What is meta-data in terraform
what is diff b/w for-each and count
what is service connection
explain branching strategies
How many types of branch we can create
what are gates in ADO
1st round HCL question...1.what is module?
2.what is provisioners?
3.what is null resource?
4.what is statefile?
5.what is state locking in terraform?
6.what is variable?
7.write a code with the help of module and for_each?
8.what is providers and write a code?
9.how is the process to setup the terraform??
10.what is file provisioners?
11.what is data variable?

1.)does move blocks affect current infrastructure 
2.) whats is service principal 
3.)what is owner file in .git folders 
4.) recovery methods of tf State file & where we can store it
5.) which one doesn't affect the variable:- default variable, description and types